today the military police personnel
through teams is the military here
apucarana finished second there is the
own military police that passed us
information
they seized six weapons
of large caliber and also ended up
making ammunition and drugs seizure
also there the weapons that you are seeing
that ended up being learned here in the
region take sun has playmaker has
nuns including wholesale
which was eventually seized and
by military police personnel is
judicial warrant
were met by the police
This happened is the seizures.
happened on the street after the draw
number 20 on the side on top of the
sea ​​and sun
according to police personnel
here from the city of apucarana
were seized a caliber shotgun
20 and a two-caliber carbine two
22 caliber carbines a caliber pistol
380 another 9mm one shotgun
pressure with bezel
as there the military police weapons
were at the residence of carlos roberto
Oak Brook 31 years and he
josé appeared gonçalves of 31 years in the
who lives on the street vilson manuel for my and
also angela maria de matos, 28 years old
living in the celia egypt would be
comparsas to be comparsas
there it is in the case that carlos were
arrested the three routed to the
police station here in the city of
apucarana is the weapons and the drug
seized
Only now, in the sequence, we talk.
with the sergeant
That 's Sergeant Rodriguez of the police.
here from the city of Apucarana already
is at the point Sergeant rodrigo
come on then let's see in an operation
that started and two hours after
morning there have been mobilizing and
from 6 o'clock in the morning
our police officers have completed eight
search and seizure warrants and achieved
success in one of the houses the main house
of all this operation on rafael street
sorphile where Carlos Roberto was arrested
31 year old oak brook
in the house of our young man our policemen
of rotai rb ip2 have taken off
four long guns being a .44 caliber
a caliber carbine a shotgun
20 gauge and two 22 gauge carbines and
also a pressure
bezel
along with these long guns the police
also seized a weapon of use
exclusive of the Brazilian army
pistol caliber 9mm also one
380 caliber pistol and a large
quantity of ammunition for all these
weapons
still in the house of this young man the police
also held one kilo 984 grams of
crack
this claus paulo was in tablets and
also fractionated in pieces of 50 grams
which would be stones sold to
traffickers who, in turn, would
the users every stone of that era sold
800 reais
this trafficker does not answer users
in his house he only cared for traffickers
we actually break a scheme there
trafficking because other traffickers do not
will have drugs to sell to the
users was also seized in the house
about two pounds and 300 grams of
marijuana and six thousand five hundred and forty
and five reais in cash and one check
Two thousand two hundred and fifty reais
hidden in Carlos's house on drugs
a preliminary estimate made by the police
of more than 100 thousand reais in
of the house only in this apprehension this young man
Carlos
He is an international trafficker.
was arrested on rattlesnake is by the police
the federal government when he brought
other countries to Brazil this drug
are drugs that he brings from abroad to
meet the traffic in the city ​​of apucarana
an extremely important prison this
drug dealer
was an important trafficker for
traffickers in the city of
apucarana that served the users
all this gun take off all
drugs will certainly resonate with the
crime rate that the trend
and download
We're fighting for this by working.
for that has dropped in the last three months
considerably in Apucarana and the
crime rate will continue
downloading paulo for sure still in these
warrants was arrested angela maria
28 years of the hugo skies and getúlio in the
Marissol garden also arranges one year
behind we carry out the warrant in the house
she was arrested and her husband arrested
with more than a pound of hidden drug
inside a dog ration bag
what was in your garage
the husband is in jail she was in prison
now she was arrested in her home.
home with about 100 grams of crack
two stones to crack these stones that
she paid 800 reais at Carlos's house
two were found in her house and 160
cash in small notes
Angle will be assessed in fragrant
also for the crime of trafficking in
and was also arrested on the street.
wilson manuel colonel jose appeared
gonçalves of 31 years of age in the
Joseph
the police located a ht a radio
transceiver that was on the
military police in the frequency of our
operations center , ie
participated in the security of this whole
because they are nearby houses in
streets close to him that was actually
a strategy for security
they could happen they are trapped
every weapon all extremely drug arrest
important in the cities of apucarana more
once the names of the prisoners did
trafficker who was caught with guns is the
carlos roberto ribeiro de carvalho 31
years of age with the large amount of
drugs
The smuggler with two crack stones.
about 100 grams is maria de
matos and josé appeared gonçalves of 31
years was with ht in the frequency of
military police
This is Sergeant Rodriguez of the police.
military battalion press sector
here from the city of apucarana